# CreateShipmentCustomsInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**preRegistrationNumber** | **string** | A pre-registration number is only relevant if the INCOTERMS (International Commercial Terms) for the shipment are DDP (Delivery duty paid).&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;If not provided, and the INCOTERMS are set to DDP, any pre-registration numbers set up via your Customs Settings will be used. | [optional] 
**preRegistrationType** | **string** | The type of pre-registration number provided above. &lt;br /&gt;Required if a pre-registration number has been provided.&lt;br /&gt;Ignored if there is no pre-registration number. | [optional] 
**shippingCharges** | **double** | Shipping Charges for International Shipments.&lt;br /&gt;The postage amount paid by your customer. The amount can be 0.00 if you have offered your customer free delivery. &lt;br /&gt;Used for the calculation of customs fees.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;*The amount should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field.* | [optional] 
**otherCharges** | **double** | Insurance and Other Costs for International Shipments.&lt;br /&gt;If you have charged your customer an additional surcharge such as insurance, you must declare the amount here. &lt;br /&gt;This field can be left blank, or be 0.00 if no other charges have been levied.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;*Any value should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field.* | [optional] 
**quotedLandedCost** | **double** | Quoted Landed Cost&lt;br /&gt;This will be the Value of Tax and Duties due to be paid for via the purchaser to the merchant relevant to international sales of goods.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;*Any value should be in the currency specified in the ShipmentInformation/Currency field.* | [optional] 
**invoiceNumber** | **string** | Commercial Invoice Number for International Shipments.&lt;br /&gt;When sending an item to an overseas address and a commercial invoice is available the Invoice Number and Date should be provided where possible. This supports customs processing in certain circumstances. | [optional] 
**invoiceDate** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Commercial Invoice Date - YYYY-MM-DD.&lt;br /&gt;Required when a commercial invoice number is provided.&lt;br /&gt;Ignored if no Invoice Number provided. | [optional] 
**exportLicence** | **bool** | Export Licence Required.&lt;br /&gt;Customers exporting items requiring an export licence must flag the item as requiring an export licence here. This requirement is restricted to exporters of specific type of goods used predominantly for military purposes, as such will probably not apply to you. You can find out more about the type of items requiring an export licence on the UK Government website.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;If an export licence is required, it should be affixed to the outside of your parcel. | [optional] 
**addresseeIdentificationReferenceNumber** | **string** | Addressee Identification Reference Number (previously \&quot;recipients purchasing ID\&quot;).&lt;br /&gt;Recipient Purchasing IDs for International Shipments. &lt;br /&gt;A small number of countries require their citizens to obtain a registration number before importing goods from overseas. When exporting items to countries with such a scheme in place there is a requirement to provide the recipients registration details to customs authorities. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

